./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/RHD-TMC/RHD-TMC__team-organogram dot svg
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/RHD-TMC/RHD-TMC__team-organogram dot svg



./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/HR/HR__active.network__summary
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/HR/HR__active.network__summary

./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-A-internal-team
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-B-key-people
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-C-consultants
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-D-funding
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-E-partners
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-F-competitors
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-G-projects
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-H-solution
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-I-technology
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-J-oem-manufacturers
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-K-prospects
./mindmap-from-yml.sh spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-L-risks-challenges


mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-A-internal-team
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-B-key-people
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-C-consultants
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-D-funding
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-E-partners
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-F-competitors
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-G-projects
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-H-solution
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-I-technology
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-J-oem-manufacturers
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-K-prospects
mindmap-from-yml.bat spectrum/ITS/ITS__understanding-L-risks-challenges
